Ruoxi apologizes to Meng Di
I said no matter how little he plays a small temper
You can't make fun of other people's lives
That's not him.
I apologize, why should I apologize to him?
I've never apologized to anyone since I was a kid.
You were reckless in this matter tonight
You're blaming the wrong person.
You hit people?
Shouldn't you apologize?
Ok, I see it too.
For the sake of my child's father
I just apologized to him
Sorry.
I blamed you tonight, it's alright
Is it messy to care?
Thank you Qianyun Longjun for clearing my grievances
I will definitely remember your kindness
Now that things are settled
Let's continue to celebrate grandfather's birthday
Mr. Lin
For the sake of the Lin family's kindness to me
I should still say something to you
Happy birthday to you.
Happy Birthday
Houfu Wujiang
Thank you Wang Jun
Okay, I've paid off the favor I owe the Lin family
From now on, we don't owe each other
Please take care.
Ruoxi, let's go
Gong Send the Dragon Army Send the Dragon Army
He just left.
What about your resources?
What else could we do?
He and Ji Ruoxi both have children
So be it.
Sister, you have to catch him well
You don't have any resources now.
If we don't catch him
What will happen after we leave?
I'll figure it out.